ENTMQSTPR-14: Examples for Proxy / Record Encryption (#449)
jboss-container-images/amqstreams-1-openshift-image: examples/proxy/envelope-encryption/README.md

# AMQ Streams Proxy Envelope Encryption Filter Examples

The Envelope Encryption filter which provides an Encryption-at-Rest solution for Apache Kafka(tm) which is transparent to both clients and brokers. The filter takes
responsibilty to encrypt messages that are sent by producing applications so the Kafka Broker never sees the plain text content of the messages.  The filter also takes responsibilty

> to decrypt the message before they are returned to consuming applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to decrypt the messages before they are returned to consuming applications.
```

In this directory, you'll find examples that help you deploy AMQ Stream Proxy with the Envelope Encryption Filter to your OpenShift Cluster so that you my try out the feature together
with you own application.

> The filter relies on a Key Management System (KMS). The role of the KMS is to provide cryptographic functions and act as a repository of key-material. The KMS is *not* part of AMQ Streams

Reviewer: would people know what key material is?  I didn't!

> Proxy.  It is external must be provided by the deployer of the system.  For this Tech Preview release, only HashiCorp Vault is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proxy.  The KMS is external and must be provided by the system administrator or deployer.  For this Tech Preview release, only HashiCorp Vault is supported.
```

> You need to prepare a HashiCorp Vault instance now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use the filter, you must prepare a HashiCorp Vault instance:
```

* If you have an instance of HashiCorp Vault already in your organisation, you may use it after applying some [configuration](./PREPARE_KMS.md#using-an-existing-vault-instance).

> * Otherwise, there are [deployment instructions](./PREPARE_KMS.md#deploying-hashicorp-for-development) to install an *ephemeral development* instance on your OpenShift Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Otherwise, there are [deployment instructions](./PREPARE_KMS.md#deploying-hashicorp-for-development) to install an *ephemeral development* instance to your OpenShift Cluster.
```

> Once you have a Vault instance prepare, you can proceed to deploy one of the examples.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a Vault instance prepared, you can proceed to deploy one of the examples.  
```
